[Docs]: Improve documentation about the installation of Gotenberg and LibreOffice (#15277)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/01_Getting_Started/02_Advanced_Installation_Topics.md

    general:
        timezone: Europe/Berlin
```

## Office document preview

> If you want to use the feauture of displaying a [preview of documents](../04_Assets/03_Working_with_Thumbnails/05_Document_Thumbnails.md) directly in Pimcore, it would be required some extra steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature for displaying a [preview of documents](../04_Assets/03_Working_with_Thumbnails/05_Document_Thumbnails.md) directly in Pimcore is optional. To use it, you must install either [Gotenberg](../23_Installation_and_Upgrade/03_System_Setup_and_Hosting/06_Additional_Tools_Installation.md#gotenberg) or [LibreOffice](../23_Installation_and_Upgrade/03_System_Setup_and_Hosting/06_Additional_Tools_Installation.md#libreoffice-pdftotext-inkscape-) according to your preference.
```

> Please follow the instruction of the preferred approach according to your own project requirements. [Gotenberg](../23_Installation_and_Upgrade/03_System_Setup_and_Hosting/06_Additional_Tools_Installation.md#gotenberg) or [LibreOffice](../23_Installation_and_Upgrade/03_System_Setup_and_Hosting/06_Additional_Tools_Installation.md#libreoffice-pdftotext-inkscape-)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
